Greetings, traveler. Here we go. Back into the beater game. Let's see what a hero takes. Looks like we're going to Reno. Yes, I guess shield to Malabi. He's considering the Lullababot. You could start Labot and hold bananas, too, but usually quite happy getting a shield. The average turn nine and 10 board feels a lot stronger than previous seasons. Again, in anomalies, it's just unlikely, right? Turn nine double header, good luck. Turn nine, grapel, good luck. Turn nine, buddy lobby, good luck. Right, that it's it's specifically for anomalies that I'm talking about this cuz they just raise the power level so much. It's why I also really like anomaly meta. It's great for content, too, right? It gives you so many opportunities to have crazy stuff. Pure mats buffing that thing. Okay, level. Pretend we never saw this or pop the spell. Yeah, dude. When you're two banana, the two banana investment, man. Sunk cost banana investments are like, aha, I've already invested two banana in this. I can't give up right now. I don't think it's right to level, by the way. I think it is better to roll. It just freaking sucks. All right, just going to do that in the spell. Sure. Get him, Cyclone, man. Yeah, you do need to have a thing to buff. Now, it wouldn't have mattered too much against Mukla, but he got a scout. Scout's not so bad. All right, let's see what's in here. Oh, I do like botnist. We have Sha Collector here, so probably Sha Collector coin tier. Maybe he's thinking if he can somehow get the bread cuz botist with bread is [music] kind of sick. I don't think we can do it right. I think shell collector is probably the safer bet or the button. Button's fine, too. Nope, just shell collector. Actually, that was an interesting take for Button cuz Button could give you a four could give you a three drop on this turn. Yeah, putting spells on that Naga is also kind of dirty. Every banana gets plus one plus three then, right? And every big banana to four. You always dart gift on turn three. Turn three, I think, sucks, right? You can only get two drops. Turn four is where it's at. Two free refreshes or copying the two free refreshes. There is one in the shop. Yeah, I like I like the left one then cuz there's one in the shop. That gives us uh the triple quite early and then on Reno getting a triple, you turn it into [music] a golden five, a golden six. I like that. Overconfidence first and then check the opponent's tier. But I guess he now sees whether he needs some blood gems to get that win or not. Yeah, one blood gem, one refresh. Yeah, that seems fair. Three on three might be better curve this meta. Yeah, three on three is not bad. I think it really depends on your shop, right? But three on three because you have the button to bail you out is good. Yeah, dark gift on three, if threeon three is a thing, then yeah, that's that seems like a big no no. Yeah, I think if you would compare those two options, would I rather threeon three or dark gift? Yeah, I would definitely prefer to dark. Nice. Sorry. I would definitely prefer to save my dark gifts and go three on three. It's just like what did I say? That didn't sound that didn't sound right. Wand of divination's kind of funny with the gems he's about to get, but it's not good yet, right? You would need to triple into Dude, take Wand of Divination, go to four next turn, go to five, triple into Belinda, golden to Belinda, and now you're rich. [laughter] That's so specific though. I don't know. Like, ballerit is like safer economy. I don't think I want [music] factory, and I probably don't want glass of perspective. So, I can see just going for the illumination thing. just hit. Well, it's cuz nagas are in, right? It's a very fun naga thing. But we were talking about it earlier. Seville was talking about how lesser trinkets carry Nagas. This is one of them. But it's so Belinda dependent. Yeah, he's really debating. He's like, do I go for the safe baller play or do I go for the baller play and go all in on Wand of Divination? All right, we are going to go for wand. I guess we do have bananas, right, in this lobby. That's what you can tell yourself that you're not being greedy. be like, "Ah, but it's it's it's a it's a banana lobby, right?" He's using the rolls before using dark gifts. We want to be able to tier next turn. Oh man, having it so on the rope is kind of scary. All right, just taking a unit makes sense. He's two out of three. Does that reset or not? Vonda, this lobby should be very nice. Yeah, with Quillbore, it's a nice little addition. But it's really just Belinda. It's the Belinda show, right? Do you have a Belinda or not? That's what it comes down to. All right. So, do we need to sell something to tier now? I think we do. Right. We're on nine. I think the tier is 10. Okay. We did not lose. Losing would have been nice for turtle, but yeah, 38 HP. I think I prefer that. All right. So, Belinda is by far the best one. I think just generic Naga stuff is not bad either with this trinket. Yeah. Okay. Ruiner is also disgusting. Oh my god. Do you just go ruiner? Cuz then you never lose, right? Golden ruiner and just power to six and find Belinda later. You don't even need to golden the ruiner if you don't want to. But why why not? Belinda is money, right? Yeah. Okay. I think because it's beater, you go Belinda. I think for a lot of other players, you just take the ruiner because a golden Belinda is not tempo yet. You need something to go with it. So, I can totally see I can see beater being good enough to pull this off. I think a lot of other people would just end up dying. Oh. Oh, he's just going to dark gift and maybe like hold the thing. Yeah, he can buff that and just hold turtle three whole turtle and then go to six next turn for the ruiner. I like this a lot. I think it's super super super fun. Again, I think for a lot of people, you take ruiner just cuz it's so much safer. But holy money. But this is actually so difficult to advertise to people cuz now the trinket looks insane. And it's it is, but it's because he has golden Belinda. So every gem he casts is one gold. It's it's super perfect. And then he has golden Belinda. So the chef's choice is triggering multiple times, too. But he has no tempo yet, right? That's the problem. That's That's how you die here. Now, beater again, I have the utmost confidence he will figure it out. He has bank the turtle. He's probably just going to go straight to six to look for torrential ruiner or that amalgam that buffs, right? Cuz that's his uh that's his windcon. The foodie is plus one gold. Actually, more, right? That's plus two gold. Yeah, you buy it for three, you sell it for one, and then there's another four gold from gems. So, definitely want to see him buy the foodie. I hope he's uh I mean, it's beater, right? He's going to check for that. Yeah, he's looking at it. But check first for a ruiner. Didn't find the ruiner. The left one is the cheapest one, so probably just take that. All right, we just have to go go go. Armor. Sure. Armor puts us back over 30. That gives us one extra turn on the clock. Uh, yeah, we get to just keep rolling. The ooze is free. The ooze is free. Yeah, free ooze. Lol. Tata tata. Ooh, discover. [laughter] It's funny. Uh, another Oh, yeah. I guess Hamul for Nogus. Is it another Fandrel's not? Yeah, it's fine, I guess. Oh, okay. Okay, we got No, both of those shops had ruiners in them. Belinda, what are you doing, baby? You're killing us. You're killing us. What is she doing, chat? Uh, probably want a dark gift. Who? Never mind. Probably want a Bran. My my man beat her in agreement here. Need the Bran. The Brandon, the man, the myth, the legend, the Brandon. Oh, and then he quickly banks that unit to uh save two gems for next turn. He's has zero gold left. It's Oh, how does he do it, Chad? All right. 100 health on the bonkers. Oh, we got a ruiner. Okay. Okay. It's really that, right? Once he has a ruiner, he's good. Now, you could do other stuff, right? Like Seville says, you could do demons and buff the forrop, but the ruiner is so safe cuz ruiner is one of the I would say least conditional buff units. It's like, "Hey man, as long as you play spells on a Naga, I will buff your whole board." I am a Naga, by the way. You could just throw those spells on me if you don't have another Noga. So, basically, all you need for Ruiner is Ruiner, and then you just cast any spell on it, and it will buff your whole board. Double your left and rightmost Naga stats, start a combat. There's no dragons, but still. Demon plus fellboard is a tryhard roots. Well, you die, right? Oh, it goes for faces. Yeah, I guess so. Cycle the groundbreaker. What? What? What? Don't we have like a bajillion spell casts? I don't agree with this. Okay, we're going to copy the ruiner right away so we don't have to think about it. I think that's fine. Dude, how do we not have a groundbreaker on the board instead of this mini Merrmadon? That's kind of wild. I don't disagree with beater often here. I'm going to disagree. I'm probably still wrong, but [laughter] it's not going to stop me from uh uttering my opinion. He has Bran, too. Yeah, I guess he wants the brand. Does he need Bran with this much money? I don't know. It's kind of weird me arguing against the Bran. That's seems unnatural. Yeah, especially now that he has a triple, man. I want that groundbreaker. Oh, trees with the groundbreaker. This brand is getting gigabuffed, man. Holy, bro, look at these gems. Look at this chat. It's insane. Woo! Money. That pointy arrow spell. Oh, it's so good. The the rope, dude. Wait, wait. We've only just begun. Please, please, Bob or Aviator Man or whoever this is, give us give us another moment. We got some unspent monies here. And my hand is already going to be filled as well with this. Uh, cast spells quickly. Don't open that. Yeah, this is Oh, he's targeting a neutral. He's getting coins, right? Whoopsie. [laughter] Coin, coin, coin, coin, coin, coin, coin. Oh well. I mean, it doesn't matter. He didn't really have hand space anyway. Why are we buffing Bran? Oh, you have to cast it on a Naga. You do have to cast it on a Naga. Yeah, it's fine. I'm going to assume Beater's just been uh he's warming up, right? Yeah. Yeah. He's either been playing a long stream or he's warming up. And assuming he's only gotten one first place here, he's just warming up. Yeah. His chat is like 11k Andy. It's fine, chat. He did a lot of things right, you know. He did a lot of things right. But his ruiner was not procking. Yeah. For a moment, I didn't even catch that, bro. I was like, "Damn, cuz he was still gaining some stats, right?" Jesus. But look, the stats are so much better now. Yeah. Holy. Would the rally naga be OP if it worked on neutral minions? Would be OP to farm neutrals. I don't know. You'd have to look at the neutral list and how likely it is for you to get like Golden Bran and stuff. All right. Oh my god. Yeah, the brand does work really well for battlecry um on [music] that. Yeah, you have to do the classic emote here to uh to un unstuck yourself, dude. It's so much money. So, yeah, Seville would have liked to have gone demons this game, but I would have also just been ruiner cuz I feel like the demon line is so risky. You'd have to do like a very smooth transition into it. They have to be smooth chats. Extremely smooth. Silky smooth. Maybe even. Oh, he's not playing the other one first. Really? I thought he was going to. I mean, it doesn't matter. He has monies. Lots of monies. Are we buffing that shielded mech or not, right? Yeah, I think he would have preferred to play a geommancer and then play the gems and triple, but it's fine. Golden Geommancer might even stay in our hand cuz there's too much to do. dude, the torrential ruiners go so hard. We get the freeze. We did. Okay. Oh, he still has the Belinda there. Dude, I feel you, bro. I feel you. I feel you. Especially when your chat is just they have literally nothing else to do but to look at the Belinda and be like, "Oh my god, I can't believe this guy have 11k. This proves the game all about just playing. If I could play 12 hours a day, I would never care. That's I can feel the energy, bro. I can feel I empathize here with me. I empathize. Like, yeah. I mean, that sucks. It's not good. He's going to move it first thing now. That's what my brain would do. Be like, "Okay, you you get the out." Yeah. Yeah. [laughter] It's funny, right? I'm I'm sure a lot of people have that similar idea where if that happens two fights in a row, it's like, okay, no matter what, the first thing I do is I move that to the [snorts] back with you. All right, here we go. Coins are better than selling minions. Yeah, but the Nagas could have been more torrential ruiner. Uh they could be spellcrafts. I know you're meing, Ry. I'm just saying like you do want it. He could play the amalgam here, but he has no spell power. Yeah, I don't think I care too much about the Amalgans. Holy, that's a lot of money, baby. That's a whole lot of money, chat. We're going. Shields. Yeah. I mean, if you have unlimited gold, just buy the shield. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. Dude, he sees so many oozes now. You probably roll a lot of oozes regardless, but they're just trash normally. But he has Bran and he has this crazy thing. Oh, right. He copies the arrow spell. O, disgusting. It's funny how Tarant Ruiner does not have like scaling scaling, but it's still fine. I guess you just have golden Belinda, right? Gain two free refreshes. Oops. the the co the the gems are more money and uh more more tempo, but it happens. Every Naga is one cost here. Every Naga with a targeted spell. Sure. Yeah, that doesn't do it. That does it. Uh we've already armored another one of those four fives. Yeah, quillbour and really help a lot with this. Yeah, I could just hold it, I guess. Ruiner goes very fast. It does fall off later, but it goes very, very fast. I still think I like the idea of groundbreaker, man. If we could somehow make that work. Like, do you really need Bran when you have this kind of cash? Like I'm not sure cuz he must have cast [music] so many spells already for this groundbreaker. Like every spell is times three on the Belinda. He didn't press dark gift. Yeah, you probably want a dark gift for admiration. Admiration and then the the groundbreaker stack, right? Isn't groundbreaker at least like 100? Yeah, it's like a it's like at 100, bro. 100 100. Like I don't agree with that. Again, he's got so much to do. I'm I'm the first person to empathize like crazy when it comes to this spot. Like I know a lot of viewers are like, "Oh, I I can't understand. How can you like Yeah, man. If you've been in that spot before, it's it's a lot of work. There's chaos." Like fog of war type stuff. That's real, man. Like when you're in the moment, you just don't see it. It's so easy like from the distance or in hindsight, but in the moment, man, it's it's pretty foggy. Yeah, [snorts] it was it was over 100. So given his economy, he could make like, you know, 10,000 maybe even 20,000 stat ground. If you golden the groundbreaker, I think he could get it over 20k if he uh if he would have kept it in the beginning, right? But again, there's always uh there's always hindsight. I also feel a bit more comfortable to say that because I recently made a 20k groundbreaker myself when I had a golden Belinda. It it goes pretty hard. And the most important thing that beer has to do is he just needs to keep moving and do stuff because it's so easy to get overwhelmed. He just uses eyes to reset the Mermadon cuz he's got so much cash. What a baller move, bro. when you could afford four gold to reset your mini meridon and then you get gold back from, you know, casting the spell and stuff. It's hilarious. Yeah, I just Yeah, again, this is this is going to sound very weird, but I think this game because of just the outrageous amount of cash he had, I think he could have done without Bran. As as good as Bran is, Bran will give him extra gems when he plays Geommancer and Bran will give him extra shields when he plays the ooze. But that's it, right? Those are really the things he does. Sure, he gets more rerolls, but you don't really need to rerolls if you have infinite gold. So, yeah, you made a 20k Falbor. That's what Seville was saying in the beginning here that Felbor if you would survive the transition into demon you would get a very very very large board because all the spells that he's casting now on the torrential ruiner this is what I said that doesn't scale the scaling if you would cast it on a golden four drop demon which you could very easily get with eyes he would be scaling his shop like crazy and with a huge shop and he could be eating a whole shop of 400400 or more. So you do the math on that, right? What is that? Every shop would be 2400. So basically how big this torrential ruiner is, he would eat that in one shop with a falore. And if it's golden, it's times two, right? So but it's all about do you survive the transition. For me, it wasn't obvious to go demons. Um, like it would you would have to maybe play ruiner until you feel comfortable enough to go demons, right? I'm not sure. He didn't get anything. Yeah, they're not good. Yeah, Hamul also takes forever with golem balloon though. Still super super fun game, right? Very satisfying. When I have this much cash, I usually don't mind banking mutinous, but he already has one. Okay, fair. Oh, he's eating the 190. Really? Is that worth it? He's just keeping it simple, chat. You know, that's not bad. >> That's illegal. >> He got another areno. What? [laughter] You could do that as long as you switch to a different other. Yeah. Okay. Reno is like, "Yes, get a different hero power." [laughter] Technically different, baby. Reno using them loopholes. Classic. Classic Reno behavior. Dude, that's funny. Guess you can get two Renos. Two Renos for the price of one, baby. That's not really true, right? He paid gold for it, but I guess he paid for one Reno hero power and he got two. Yeah, he started with one 5k health on the juggernaut. Yeah, that's always a bit annoying. We can one-shot it with our runer in the back. So, that was a terrible trade. We need to shield to connect here. Bam. We do. Okay, nice. If that didn't connect, we're in trouble kind of, right? Cuz we're not one-shotting it with any of our other units. Oh, he kills him. Yeah, that's that's brutal. That's brutal to die here. But yeah, 78%. Can't say that it was unlikely. He just had a really really good trade with that token where he took out the the big boy, right? So, after he got that good trade, it was it was suddenly on the table for the opponent to survive. He could eat Bran. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Right. If you just look at his gold count, he's on 18 gold. So, but it just it just goes to show, right? Like these players, they're um they're good because they [music] they will just keep going. It's what I mean with that is I can definitely just get overwhelmed and I just have this feeling of like and and beer just like okay, whatever. You know, got clone, copy the ruiner. Yeah. Now you want to freaking Now you want that mutinous, right? Take take the spells. Take the spells. Yeah, get mutinous now. Eat the brand. No, of course. Uh, I want to make another ruiner with the clone. We should just sell for it, right? Isn't it just worth the cell? I don't know. Maybe maybe you just really wait for Mutinus. Two Renos and a clone. Yeah, the hero powers are absolutely bonkers this game. He already has a new hero power ready, right? Wait, can we clone now and then cast? Can we please clone before casting all this? Are we not cloning this turn? We are. Okay, we are. Okay, test. Yeah, you could do cats, but whatever. Go, go, go, go, dude. You have so much money. End of turn, right? It's so unnatural to play this because you think I'm going to empty my hand. I'm going to sorry. I'm going to spend all my money. I'm going to fill my hand with spells and then all my money is spent and I can safely just copy this ruiner and then just play on my hand and my turn is over. Oh, I have 10 gold. [laughter] That's actually so funny. You know, I said that Ruiner doesn't really scale the scaling, but that's not entirely true if you keep getting golden copies of them through Reno and Zeric hero power cuz your scaling is going up here. Your scaling is going up here. You got the rare bug with the board. Yeah, rareish. I've definitely seen this a lot. You just have to reconnect to fix this. Like the It's like too small or off center or whatever. Did he make it worse by tugging on the Yeah, he tried to fix it and then the game's like, "Whoa, whoa, whoa." You try to fix it, bro. We don't We don't do that here. You accept your fate or you relog. Needs to restart. I mean, you can play. I think it's just more likely he sells the wrong unit if it's uh if it's bugged like this. Yeah. Uh, yehad. He's stealing it for the tutu, right? That's hilarious. That's why he's testing. That's funny. Money, money, money. Yeah, zesty is an extra spellcraft. That's true. I might miss that when I'm playing this. I might not be buying zesties. Okay, we got a Leroy to end on. Clean. Ended up selling the brand. Still has a lot of cash in his hands with this foodie. This foodie is four gold. Five if he's you count the foodie. How much is a groundbreaker at? I want to see. It's got to be easily over 200 now, right? Tiny boards. Yep. Tiny boards. It's playing on a higher difficulty. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. You can afford it if you sell if you uh if you cast the spell. Yeah, I like that, too. Play the play the Leroy here to buff it a little bit. Freeze for the hero power. Sure. If you get this bug, you should have eight board slots. You do sometimes like visually bugged. You have like eight units. Uh yeah, this guy is Naga, but he's not as This is what a person asking earlier like, "Oh, I don't really see Naga or they played ever." Like here you have a top two in a top level lobby. Both Nagas, but there are no pirates in this lobby. There's no undead. There's no uh lobster, right? So, it's pretty uh it's pretty fun lobby. You'd be five times larger with demons in this setup. Yep. But you could have died and then you would have been zero times larger. And this was like a respectable board, right? by any standard like 7K.