Something. >> strategy Have you come to trade? >> Ready. >> You have to >> Pray. >> The future is now. >> Separate the chaff. >> with you >> Hello. >> by the sands of time >> You will find less pathetic minions now. >> Yeah. >> Stay vigilant. Our fate lies in your >> Fear me. >> My expectations for you have grown. Old gods, hear me. >> The future is now. >> Return not for violence. >> Ah! >> You think that BG streamers should compete for time slots? But, what do you mean? What do you mean exactly? >> You have the strength, not for violence. My expectations for you have grown. Do you take me for an ordinary mage? Separate the chaff. >> We are selling to Naga, but we are selling to Naga as well. So, I don't know. What do they mean, Chris? What do they mean? I'm going to pick up another of this, but it's That is not bad. Copy of the bots. We can golden Belinda. They have a fauna, but we should be able to get it. Getting a second Hellfire. I don't like it. Uh we should do this first try. No problem. If there's a we going to kick it. We buy this. We pass this. We buy this. We get a fauna. We sell this. We buy this. We buy this. We sell this. We play this. I guess I should start clicking. Now, we can wait one more turn, I think. Uh I guess we're all Yeah, this sound is I think Let's try for I don't know if this is good enough. Let's try for Dracarys, right? This is good. This is better, [music] I think. Sorry. Sorry. That's right. And there's another mega player, Meg. Meg. All right, so we should start pressing this again. There's no reason to level, by the way. I mean, pretty much all of them. But this triple Dracarys are good. I have to go for this, right? It's just so good. Is it? I am Dracarys the nuts. I could sell this. Uh Dracarys the nuts. It's still on six as for second final. Let's press this, I guess. Uh maybe it's so. >> Rule number eight Um, I guess we don't. It's going to be very cool. And then you can of course stream even if you are not playing as well. So, um, all the attention is for the tournament, which is kind of cool, right? Plus double fauna. Am I doing? You are a mod. Did I miss something? I forgot to I didn't forgot to do mod you. I was just busy other stuff, but there Uh, I was just not doing good. Doing a stream. Am I doing? Yeah, we got a triple. I thought it was interesting, but I think it was still. Actually a lot of stuff cuz I can buff it twice, right? add on stuff cuz I can buff it twice, right? No, he's playing fauna too. The everyone's playing fauna. I didn't know. Bro, like how is that possible that everyone is playing fauna? Every build just play fauna. Like, hello. And that's not even good. Like, obviously for him it's good cuz he has clan board, but most people just play fauna and like, "Oh, I'm going to play fauna." So, that makes sense. Actually, though. There's another rag out player. I'm not that big. Still on the night fauna the most, so we can press this, I guess. Uh immune while attacking. That's that. I have cast it on the again second dash. They will never find stuff. They will never find stuff. Um yeah, maybe we get bots, hopefully. I think it's just they hard, I think they never have everything so this fauna build is just like on on the top but by tiny bit on there. I don't think it that requires uh I think the KG is annoying more than fauna. Yeah, you are never like look at my stats, right? Like my units are not even that big. Like if someone is playing some proper max someone is playing proper demons or like fell bar. At this point it's totally beatable. It's very hard to assemble requires a lot of pieces. I would you even buff pirates? I say I don't know. The tough question. That's a good one. I don't know another triple. What is the streamer? Is the streamer lucky or what? I mean I have only one fauna but you can find I got a lot of sense. >> But early game undead Well, undead get nerfed cuz they removed the interaction between Balinda and battering. That was such a huge nerf that I think Blizzard didn't realize that the tribal disappear. That does not mean that undead are terrible. It's just a significant weaker and they basically Like the reason people are not playing undead cuz it's close to impossible to win a lobby. Cuz your scaling is actually capped. Even if you hide all everything, like you're not going to out scale other big comps. So basically, when you play So basically, when you play undead, you kind of uh have to accept that you're not going to win a lobby. They they just don't win lobbies, right? So the That's the problem with undead. It's not like undead undead are not the worst tribe in the game, right? I think undead are better than both dragons and quillboars, right? I mean, dragons and quillboars have some other uses. They're great at supporting like and buffing spells. But overall, like undead are a bit higher than them. But the problem with undead is they just cannot win the lobby. Uh The nerf of Balinda interaction with the battering was such a big one that they shouldn't uh they should only adjust some trinkets. The interaction with Balinda and that was probably all that was needed. Obviously, the right approach was to nerf the Stazzy and you can maybe even kept the Balinda interaction. So, I think they just uh hit undead way too hard and they disappeared from the meta game.