Greetings, traveler.
Hey,
>> everyone. I used to love watching and
occasionally playing in official
Blizzard Battlegrounds tournaments, but
we don't have those anymore, and I think
that's a really big shame. We have some
super talented players that very rarely
get to truly test your skills. It's fun
watching Jeep win like 15 in a row on
ladder, but it's more fun seeing, okay,
what would happen if we actually put all
the best players in one lobby or
multiple lobbies and then whittle them
down to the final eight? The Chinese
community did a really big effort here
and they organized the unofficial world
championship. That was super fun to
watch, super fun to cast and I want to
help with that. I want to do my part. I
would like to organize the NA versus EU
championship, but I can only make that
successful with your help, guys. Because
in the past, we've seen a lot of these
lobby legends tournaments. These were
Blizzard tournaments. They really did
not receive that much viewership. And I
don't think that is because you guys
don't like watching cool Battlegrounds
games. I think the videos prove that.
There's so much interest in that.
There's a lot of people that love to
watch this. I think a lot of the [music]
time they just didn't know it was
happening or wasn't a fun format or this
or that. So, I would like to send a
powerful signal to [music] sponsors or
maybe even Blizzard directly. If we can
have a super successful event here, we
can use that to then secure more funding
to have a lot more of these events in
the future. So, if you'd like to help
with that, please tune in 4,5 and 6
September. It's going to be 600 p.m.
CST, 9:00 a.m. Pacific. Don't worry
about remembering that. We have a
website that has everything. It's
shadybunny.com. There'll be a link in
the pinned comments. There you can see
the exact date. There's even a big
countdown when you enter the website.
It'll [music] be like time zones. You
can see the price pool. You can see all
the competitors, right? You can see all
the streams there. Like, we really put
in a lot of effort. So again guys, I
would really like to ask your help if
you care about these cool battlegrounds
events at all. Make sure to tune in and,
[music] you know, let's push that
viewership up like crazy and make this a
more normal thing that we have several
tournaments per year. It'll be super
fun. Please enjoy the video. We got a
cool XQN game, guys. XQN is back. Beast,
Elemental, Mech, Merurloc, Undead.
Bar or Gen? I mean, for me it's always
Gen cuz Barof is fun but also stressful.
And Gen, sure you have less armor.
That's a little stressful, but you still
get to u have the the fun of like what's
the hero power going to be. So, they've
done a really good job with that that
hero design at least from a fun
perspective.
Goes for the random minion and I think
that's fair here.
So, that's not an awful turn, but I
would still level because if you go for
the skipper plus a spell, you need next
turn to be another skipper in the shop
or another two cost spell like lasso or
recruit.
If you don't have those, then it doesn't
really work. All right, get the thigh
here. That's fine.
Lots of health so far. Nothing lost.
Shop is kind of bad. So, there's three
on three or coin roll dark gift or
something along those lines. That's what
I'm thinking. Thanks for all our views,
especially for duos with RDU. That's a
lot of fun. Yeah. Yeah. The duos with
RDU have been really wellreceived. Okay.
Goes for the three on three. So, it's a
bit scary on Gen. Again, less scary in
dark gift meta cuz you can always press
the button. But we got seven armor.
We're presumably losing five of it here.
Yep, we are. We got to get you to
Chinese. Yeah, I saw the clip. Yeah, it'
be great to have that game. The
avalanche golem thing. Clone is
generally very nice. Uh although we are
losing a lot of armor for it, but it's
our second hero power, right? So that's
okay. I guess Tess I don't know. You can
take it's not tavern lightning. Usually
it's test. It's just I can see wanting
to Oh my god. Is he hovering? Right. I
think he's just talking about how it is
right here. Uh all right. Yeah, you can
copy your time warp if it's good. Death
rattle will get two free refreshes.
Uh the problem is that when we use the
active on the death decoy conjurer, we
steal the one unit we don't really want.
We get the the mummifier, right? So
that's not so good. All right, just
going to go for the wildfire
is here. Interesting. I guess he wants
the careful investment for next turn.
So either looking at level careful
investment or going for the dark gift
plus buy plus careful investment
he will go for the clone here. Okay.
Yeah he is feeling a little bit too
pressured and [music] then at the end of
two turns this will triple. So on turn
six right basically
um end of turn five it'll triple. So
turn six, he gets to level to four and
take a triple. But he can also level
now. Oh, he's going to level now and go
for a six, I guess, right? So that's
what the level careful investment is
for.
So level careful investment now and then
it's going to triple end of turn five.
And then the one thing that could block
him here from taking a six is if he gets
expensive trinket. So kind of want to
get at least one cheap trinket because
he's going to have eight gold plus the
two 10. So, a trinket that costs zero.
Oh, it doesn't give a copy of that. It
just gives an elemental. Whoop. Never
mind.
Reverse. Turn it around.
It's uh it's probably better, honestly.
The um just a random Ellie. Oh, that's
why it's also really nice to copy it.
Yeah, I see. I see. Getting an air
baller for tempo is kind of nice.
Honorable Nausegoul, thank you very much
for the prime. Appreciate it. Oh, we
ball him. Ball plus ball. Ominous stone
is usually very good. I think you go
ominous stone if you didn't have an air
baller in your hand. I think already
having the air baller in the hand, I
think you get plus four plus four,
right, if you cycle on baller here. So,
I'm kind of uh I'm kind of down for
that. Again, normally ominous stone
here, but with the airball already in
the hand, I do like it because usually
the ominous stone is there mainly for
tempo gain. Sometimes you get some nice
value uh thing on top of it. But then
again, like the the plus one baller per
turn is decent value, too. If he takes a
stone, I don't think he can level
either, right? We want to stabilize
here. We're on 24. It's a tough call,
right? He's leaning trip vouchers,
actually. Okay, interesting.
I don't think you could afford trip
vouchers in that spot, right? Yeah.
Yeah. Okay, cool. All right, balls it
is. All right, he's fighting etc. and he
gets a baller spell. Wait, what?
Sell that open baller spell. Yeah, I
like that. And then triple cell and end
on the scabs, buddy, I guess.
Boom. Look at that. Yeah. Wow. Baller
spell was a curveball here cuz he didn't
know he was going to get baller spell
from the test. But the pyramat is
insanely good with this. Yeah, he's
instant stabilizing. What is this? Oh,
it's an Anixia board. Okay, it's
stronger than it looks. It's still not
strong enough, but it's stronger than it
looks, right? Yeah, he's summoning a 66
here.
Did Enixia go to five or something? Must
have, right? Board is so weak.
It's not the minion, but the minion of
the type. Yeah, exactly. I missed that,
huh? But this is better. I I like this
more than going for that triple.
Boo. That is a good one to get. Level
and play that. I guess you could play it
first. Sure. You don't have to level.
Okay, never mind. I'm less excited now.
Less excited.
Are we keeping this much money in our
hands? Are we feeling comfortable? You
can sell for dark gift. You can coin to
roll. There's some options here. But
that air baller gave him so much tempo.
He is just comfortable sitting.
I always feel really bad when I do this
and then still lose. But are we fine? We
should be fine, right? 57 health on the
pyramid, [music] buddy. I guess that's
what it's really what really seals the
deal. Although that's some big beetle
boys. Oh, some rather large beetle boys.
Back cleave does really well against
that.
Yeah, that's probably what I missed
initially when I assessed the situation.
I missed the fact that the pyramat buddy
just gets an unreasonable amount of
tempo when you cycle ballers. [laughter]
You get so much health.
Nomium
get the buddy of your hero power. So
that's friend of a friend, right? Um Gen
doesn't have a buddy yet. I wonder what
Gen's buddy will be.
Oh, he's keeping the chef buddy on the
board.
Oh, right. He doesn't get genen, the
buddy of the hero power is test, right?
Duh.
Dude, I have made that mistake way too
many times. That's funny. He's getting a
guaranteed elemental per turn and he's
getting two more from the wildfires and
we're just like, do I even want to know
me? Oh, if he can get baller spell with
the end of turn, lady, that's really
good. But he has played a spell in
between, right? Already, I think. I'm
actually not sure. Did he play a spell
in between? He probably has.
Sell the crab man. Nomi's abort.
Nomi secured.
All right, we'll take it. Okay, that was
his last spell. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. We
can force the baller. It's just
annoying. He can't coin and he can't use
that T set, but we ball him. Are we
leveling? Man, we're cutting it close.
Yeah, we are going up.
Wonder why we're leveling here. What's
on six that we want? I guess mode
custodial makes every baller better. Or
maybe he just wants to play Nomi and
buff the shop and play with the Unbound.
I don't know. I I would probably have
stayed on tier five and maybe find
another end of turn lady, find a Dari,
right? I did not feel like super
comfortable leveling here.
You've been farming my content for the
past three months. Every lunch break is
a Shady Benny video. That's so cool,
man. Appreciate that. Baller portrait.
Let's go, baby. After you play 10
Ellies, repeat this. Double ball. I
mean, you have to do it for the Think of
the YouTube. Think of the YouTube.
I mean, I don't really want anything
else here anyway. Double ballers feeding
Nomi Br. Triple this minion's stats.
Let's go, dude. It can scale with
baller. That's so cool. All right,
there's a whole lot of trash on our
board. So, we probably want to keep
those wildfires. We definitely want to
keep that pyramat buddy.
We
probably don't care about the living
prison thing. Mhm.
That's trash.
Air baller. Very nice. So, he's got to
end on the baller spell. He doesn't have
to cast that as the last thing, but it
just needs to be um dude, are we not
putting this brand down? Are we not
selling this living prison? The brand
gets triple stats. Oh, my heart. Look at
all the stats the brand is missing. Did
he maybe not read the dark gift or he
just cares too much about this thing?
Yeah, he wants to activate it with no
me. Oh, I guess activating it does boost
the pyramad buddy really well, right?
Yeah. Damn. See, this is where XQN is
just a step ahead of me, chat.
Brand with sand swirler is kind of nice.
Makes the ballers quite a bit better.
Yeah. Now, now it's awful. You can
technically sell the test buddy, but
yeah, he's not going to do it. I don't
know if this is a Nomi game. And I guess
the prison the prison with the Nomi did.
Okay, so XQN here does not want to
commit the Bran to the board because it
allows him to just very cleanly end
[music] on this test buddy. Plus, he has
the uh the living prison buffing the
pyramat buddy. Why is this trinket so
expensive and it requires 10 elementals?
Doesn't seem broken. It's one of those
things that just goes hard because the
10 elementals it's a little bit hidden.
It's actually only eight, right? Because
it'll give you a baller spell. So, if
you make it cheaper, say like eight
elementals, that means that every six
elementals you're getting a baller
spell. Um, and quite often you have
stuff that triggers with elemental
plate, such as mana surge. Elementals
themselves are not just a gold. Uh,
quite often if you're cycling, you can
play like Bran plus tempest and then,
you know, you're playing three
elementals straight away. So, it's a lot
easier to trigger it.
All right, that seems like a quest.
I wonder what he sells here for Bran.
Buy minions. Sure.
Oh, okay. Oh, he gets the extra divine
shield breaker. Jesus, that is so good.
Oh,
can we play this cleave? I kind of want
to play. Oh my god. Oh my lord. What is
this illegal activity going on? Yeah, he
just turned it up. He just realized, oh,
this is going to be a long turn, huh? No
me out with a handful of elementals.
Yeah, now he turned it up. Now he's
like, "Okay, get out. Get out. Get out.
Get out. Get out." So, he's going to
commit to full baller. That's really
cool. Another brand. Oh, the kelp on the
Oh, is so good. That's so good.
He can buy Avalanche here. He's not
going to do it. I kind of agree with
skipping avalanche because handspace is
honestly quite nice when you're cycling
this much. And uh what are you going to
sell off your board here, right? You
kind of like everything,
but it's good for later. You could
technically get rid of the Tempest
[music] or the kelp or even the end of
turn lady and put it on the wildfire.
Another kelp. Oh my god.
Just buy a baller. Yeah.
Got to be a bit careful. He can Pyramad
is still only a tier four, right? You
can eyes a pyramad.
Yeah, there it is. There it is. There it
is. Nice.
Ice the cal. [laughter]
He's like, "Yes, yes." Eyes the pyramat
for tempo. Or money. More money. I love
money. Money.
Yeah. Buy avalanche now cuz we're
running out of time. Oh my god. He
triggers it again. End of turn.
Yeah. Okay. Now the problem is Oh, he
gets an eyes back. Okay, that's fine.
Yeah. Yeah. Now he can eyes is he he's
noting the kelp, right? He's eyeing the
buddy now, right? almost has to be.
Wouldn't avalanche be good to sell a
baller and keep the stats? I mean, the
ballers don't have stats, right? So,
the ballers uh the ballers are maybe
slightly buffed with Nomi, but that's
not worth spending two gold on.
I think he wants to hold it to transfer
stats to that Giga Shield Wildfire.
Needs to make handspace. Oh, starts with
the golden one really, and then sells
it. Oh, he isn't. He's going to ice to
reset. He's not icing the pyramad,
buddy. For real.
For real.
No, he's not right. He's missing all the
stats. He isn't. He's He's resetting the
kelp, which is why he started with the
golden one.
Bro,
I don't know. Maybe this is right, but
it feels a little bit too fancy for me.
All right, we missed the cal, but it
doesn't matter. He's got he's got the
money. Like I feel like we got enough.
Yeah, I he might just be forgetting
about it, but that's always very tricky
when you are talking about such a good
player. Usually it's you just um you
don't understand.
We found an unbound.
Sell the kelp.
I'd rather play Unbound than Second
Cleave to be fair. Okay, that is another
eyes. Can we please it now?
Please, sir. Please.
Okay, he's getting rid of the lady.
Okay, that's fine. Yeah, he's going to
go full uh full APM. That's super fair.
Please, sir, can we eyes the pyramid
buddy?
This hungry pyramid buddy. [laughter]
Oh god,
you don't have my colleges anymore, man.
It's a shame,
dude. So much money.
Oh, he spends it all. Let's go.
I think at this point he just forgot
about it. Yeah, I'm going to be real cuz
the um we could have easily cast that
for eyes and golden paramat buddy,
right? Unless they changed the tier and
I didn't know about it. I don't think
so.
Bob is getting a hell of a tip this
meta. Somebody typed that before they
saw XQM finish his turn.
Zero tip, baby.
Yeah, second Wildfire and get rid of the
end of turn lady makes a lot of sense
cuz he has golden brand money now,
right? He doesn't need that one [music]
baller spell anymore. Also, Calke keeper
is so unbelievably good.
Oh my god. Psycho psycho psych.
Can we buy the kelp?
Skipping the cal.
But my money,
my money.
Does he really not need it? Do the no
eyes is bothering me. [laughter]
Can we just open boundless potential for
eyes, please? It's eyes or Hamul
guaranteed, right? Like you can't miss.
It's either high or Amul or both.
Yeah, he's going he's buffing the the
single minion in the shop for the
Unbound. Honestly, the sad part is that
he has such a good baller game, but he
would do better if he just switches to
full Unbound now because look at how big
that Unbound is already.
The minion in the shop is already 400
attack. Wow, that's so stupid. It's cuz
he's played these uh engines. Oh my god.
Yeah, selling those with a golden brand
feels criminal. But it's cuz he's played
these engines with so many sand
swirlers. So
Oh, golden of mine. Oh, it golden. Okay,
whatever. FINALLY. OH, was he meaning to
do that the whole time? Yeah. See,
that's what I'm saying, Chad. Every time
you think that the guy is making a
mistake, just assume that there's
something you don't understand yet. He
probably wanted to triple it with shield
instead of it not being shielded.
Classic.
That's the thing, Chad, that happens so
often.
Yeah, I love this end of turn, right? I
have the same thing in mind. You want to
go up to five gold so that you can drop
the micologist, buy the micologist, buy
the chef.
Classic, man. Classic. So that instinct,
that instinct of, oh, he's probably
right. I just don't understand it yet.
That's generally good to go with. Even
though here I was like, ah, we missed so
many stats. But, um, he's just like,
hey, I want it shielded. Okay, we don't
have enough uh hand space. Check PC.
Classic check PC moment.
Combine not unbound, right? Okay. Well,
it's fine. We're going too fast.
Resuming.
Oh, cool. Almost.
One more.
Uh, okay. That's a shield, right?
Oh, no. He got the triple. He didn't get
it with shield. Okay,
it's fine. So, we have a Leroy in the
hand that's rather large.
So, we still have um Boundless. I think
you can just use it for Hamul at this
point, right? [snorts] So, yeah, this is
what I mean where I think buying that
second Unbound, you actually just scale
more. Um like you you like look at that,
right? It's 400 and then 100 100 HP.
But this this makes sense still, right?
This is more fun. We've all seen unbound
spam and we're like, "Okay, that's
pretty good." I keep thinking we still
have a micologist every time he rolls
his baller spell. Yeah, he's just going
to go for a minion of the tier for
cycling an elemental. That's fair.
Ballin.
Don't really want to buy Cy when we're
this strapped for cash.
Just looking for Tavern Tempest
basically, right? This is where you wish
Genie was still in the game. Well, there
you go. Oh, kelp keeper is also a really
good buy. Yeah.
So much money.
Nice. And now we end on a Leroy.
Leroy freeze. [snorts]
Okay, he's ending on the cleave without
freeze. We got the freeze. So, this is
basically the I do not respect you etc.
I'm keeping the Leroy for the other guy
because I think your board is trash. And
look at that. He's right. [laughter]
He's correct. Objectively trash board.
That's That's rude. Uncalled for. Sorry.
Also, I like that we have the giga
shield wildfire a bit further back.
Wait, why did it lose shield straight
away? I thought it said this minions
shield takes three times to break. Has
it not been working the whole game?
Is it because it tripled with Elemental
of Surprise or am I missing it? Cuz I
thought it has the adaptation
or the the dark gift rather. This
minion's shield takes three hits to
break. It took three hits. Oh, I I'm
just blind. Okay, cool.
It's like why doesn't it Why isn't it
working? Like it worked. Oh, okay. That
would explain. That would explain.
[laughter]
That would explain why it's working.
All right,
man. This Bran with the triple start of
combat. So nice.
New hero power.
Oh, we're APMing. He's still trying to
go. Yeah,
the dude, the battlecry spell can really
let you down. Yeah, like here we got
sand swirlers, but we're strapped for
cash.
Money where chat money where
money.
All right, another golden wildfire with
400 damage to try and take out some
scam. Getting ready to face the gigas
scam. I mean, he has 30,000 health on
his pyramid, buddy. That was very fun.
Turn 12, you get invulnerability when
attacking or like warping adaptation or
what?
Golden cleave too good. Push push
push push.
Nice
clean chat. That was awesome.