Greetings, traveler.
>> All right, we have Fly to Flag. Fly to
Flag. Super super fun. Demon, Mech,
Pirates, Quill, and Undead. Let's see
what hero he goes for here. Ragnaros.
Yeah, Ragnaros is an instant like let's
go Finley. Pirates are in for Curtis, I
guess. No beast for Alakir. No Macau.
Can cleave with Alakir, but I'm leaning
Curtis myself, but I am partial to that
old APM. Yeah. Okay. Sorgo [snorts]
wants the two. So, we're going to go
with the Bacon Man. So, we are fighting
Illan, which means we lose turn one
anyway. It's kind of nice to [music]
just put Bacon on the board. Yeah, Fly
the Flag is possibly the best anomaly
they've made so far. Now, people are
getting much better at them, so the meta
might be too established for it to still
be super fun, but it's been really,
really fun. So, I I'm going to see. I
haven't played it that often. It feels
like a pretty rare anomaly, at least for
me so far. So, we're putting the two
drop and we're holding the search.
[snorts] He's checking whether Scabs is
leveling or not. But it doesn't matter
whether Scabs levels or not cuz the
tempo is not for now. It's for the next
guy. So, whether you play it now is
irrelevant what the Scabs does, right?
It's for your next opponent. We do have
100% loss, but we're not taking five.
Oh, maybe we are. Take a four. Huge
man. That would be a phenomenal shop on
turn three. Turn four, however, we're
going to level and uh get a gambler
online.
Is he holding for a four? He is fighting
scenarios, but again, it doesn't matter
his current opponent. It's kind of weird
to conceptualize it like, oh, oh, maybe
he holds it for turtle like cuz turtle
is such a good unit to flag. Okay, so
he's going to put the gamblers in the
pool with flag. He's not going to hold
out for the turtle. Tollin gives you
these crazy turns where you roll five,
six, eight, 20 turtles in one turn where
you just go like,
it's the one that gives you five gold
for losing. So, you have these really
big big popoff turns. I'm not sure. I
don't I mean, I don't love anything
here. I'm just going to fast forward,
see what he picks. Okay, he goes with
the sailor. Yeah, he's he's not happy
with this either. If sailor is your best
bet, like my god. All right, let's go
into the next turn. So now he's going to
be on tier four, turn six, trinkets
about to proc, and he gets another fly
to flag. Rainer rocking that multiple
battle cruisers. It's uh I don't think
it's actually the best strategy cuz your
economy is so weak and other people's
economy is going to be sick because
they're going to flag economy units.
We've seen the gambler being flagged
here which helps the hero power proc.
Three, four drops. Yeah, our we need to
fill our board a bit. Ooh, casting
spells suddenly got twice as good with
double sailor.
Wow,
he can triple here. Yeah, he's going to
triple some. He can actually force a
triple, but he wants to clunkers over a
triple. Actually, there's already a
triple in the shop if he wants it, but
it's kind of hard. If you have a good
cooling system in a PC, it will transfer
the heat from the PC to the rest of the
room. Oh, okay. Well, it has liquid
cooling, too. Is that always like a
a net one for one exchange?
Okay, so he gets a double clunker like
he wanted. Module auto assemblers is
more tempo, right? Yeah,
we're assembling. Yeah, that's something
that Zorgo did have when I played with
him. Oh, he's going to Yeah, flagging
clunker is so good. And now he can hit
more clunker. Yeah,
it's a testament to how much he likes
that clunker where he could guarantee a
triple. But I mean, he already got a
triple from the gambler, so it doesn't
really matter.
[snorts] Okay, [music] so this is jank.
I love this. But this is what happens
with the good players boards quite
often. It's just random jank that you
need to hopefully take as little damage
as possible. Now you're fighting [music]
scam guy who's just copying automatons.
So that's a tough one. 100% loss here.
Okay, thanks for the education. So,
basically there is no heat. Like any
heat that the PC doesn't have will be in
the room. I guess that makes sense. So,
we are close to tripling our clunker
here cuz there's more clunkers in the
shop than usual. So, it looks like he
wants to secure that. Yep. It's a very
fun thing to do. He's getting all these
battlecries.
Okay, he's just gonna clunk it up. Wow.
Get Bran from this one. That would be
sick.
Bran. No, that'd be too good. Scraper.
Not bad. Oh, we can target the scraper
for reborn and taunt and stuff.
I like that. You could sell the golden
clunker back in the pool. No, not
needed. Wow, this is very fun. Wow.
Magnetic. Yeah, I like that one. I want
to give it reborn module. Module and
reborn. Oh, we're going auto assembler.
So he doesn't care too much whether it
reborns or not cuz normally you don't
put auto assembler on scrap scraper cuz
if you give it taunt reborn and it then
dies it will prioritize [music] the
death rattle over the reborn. So it'll
make an automaton instead of reborning.
So usually you give a module and reborn
but looks like Zorgo is more interested
in summoning [music]
automaton to not take damage than he is
interested in u farming more magnetics.
Kanger's fun too.
He's preparing a big stack on the uh
spell power guy. So, I'm guessing he's
fishing for the beatboxer [music]
portrait, right?
Sorry, I'm reading chat. Then you can
ask me again after the review. Uh Tubby,
it's probably a little complicated.
Overflow stacking. Uh, well, stacking
only happens if he has beatboxer, right?
So, he would need beatboxer.
You can't flag the beatboxer.
Wow, he's so happy staying on tier four.
That's crazy. You cannot hit riac,
right? So, I'm kind of interested in
throwing this golden clunker back in,
too.
This is quite educational. I am a little
bit surprised at how he is. Um,
we got the gambler proc. Sure.
duo usually. No, I'm surprised at how
comfortable he is staying on tier four.
Maybe he's just trying to roll these
clunker triples to get a brand that way.
I wonder if he knows what he's doing.
Usually, if he's so deliberately staying
on four, he knows exactly what he wants
to do. It's usually with leveling that
you don't know what you're doing because
you're like, I guess I'll level because
level question mark. At least if I'm
transferring my experience. If I am not
leveling for this long, I usually have a
very good reason. Yeah, it looks like
he's just stacking accords.
He's just going full accord.
So if he beats if he hits beat boxer,
it's it's unreal.
I'm not going to hold the back to back.
Okay. All right. He's got that money.
Get that money ready. Yeah, that's
definitely happening.
More money. Let's go.
Scraper, come back.
Come back again.
He's not taking damage. That's a big
one. Oh my god. Okay. I was like ready
for another one. Yep. So staying on
four, spamming clunkers, getting a
cordatrons, and then trying to triple
into Bran, I'm sure. Right. Cuz Bran is
so silly here. This is the moment of
truth. He does get to the out like insta
pickic cuz he's also prepped duo so he
can copy boxer now. Wow, that is so
unreal. Wait, we're selling Kanger
instead of clunker. What's with the
clunkers? Why do we want golden clunkers
on our board? He's considering flagging
the magnetic in the shop to make it more
common to triple with beatboxer to
stack. I'm still a bit surprised that
these golden clunkers still being on the
board. It's I don't see it yet. Should
he not flag boxer? You cannot. No.
Yeah. Now he triples easily, right?
Yeah.
If your hero power triggers on that
magnetic,
you uh can play it again. Yeah, cuz
you have a pair of technical elements,
but it will be easier to triple the
sentinel cuz he put more of those in the
shop, right? But he's rolling to see if
he rolls a triple technical element
anyway, cuz then, you know, he may as
well. Yeah, I like magnetizing on the
Sentinel here. Okay, well, he's got
money. Definitely has money to play
with.
More money. Who likes more money? Yeah,
he has to sell these magnetics now so
that he has enough money to triple the
Oh, if he hits Draari from the triple,
he gets a golden box here. That would
actually be huge.
Not interested in the Oh my god, he's
going giga spell power. No, Drakari, but
another scraper. Sure. All right. Well,
unfreeze if we have time. Oh, wait. He's
freezing the Eon Onar because of the
spell power. A cute.
So cute. Wow. He's farming spell power
with a triple and then he's freezing
Eonar to buff mech in the shop because
he has so much spell power now. Mhm.
This is very very cool to watch. See, I
love it when we do a review and there is
immediately something um unconventional,
right? And staying on tier four for this
long is definitely unconventional. But
now we are seeing what his plan was,
right? It was to just get as many um
clunkers for cordatrons to get his
economy and then he can use that economy
to get more spell power and then with
that extra spell power you can start
doing shop buffs.
How much gold? 32. Okay, that's good.
Not insane but good. Can we sell this
golden clunker? That's like I'm always
so I'm annoyed that we're not putting it
back in the pool before rolling because
we're never keeping it anyway, right?
All right. So, he does have Curtis hero
power, so it is going to trigger soon.
I think Gambler is a waste where we
don't actually want our hero power to
trigger on Gambler anymore.
Yeah. So, double beat boxer and then he
has to It's a bit of a weird one.
He's actually Yeah, he's going to skip
because he wants to roll an enchanted
sentinel before tripling the clunker
because the enchanted sentinel is the
one that he can triple easily. So, he's
going to buy that one. Now, he's going
to play his clunkers. And then he's
going to triple clunker to get more
magnetics on the enchanted sentinel
because that's the one that will appear
frequently in the shop. Going for
another duo to just make more boxers.
Okay. I was thinking maybe triple again
to try and get a brand here and get even
more magnetics or a Dari for your duo,
but then again, getting extra duo is
kind of like having Dari, so it's fair.
All right, popping off. Very
fun strategy. He's making money.
And then the automatons are actually not
too bad.
[laughter] He's got gamblers. He got the
money. He's got that cash.
Got to sell a gambler quickly so he can
still play the golden one.
Money, money, money, money quickly.
Get the do on board. Click, click,
click, click, click, click, click,
click, click, click, click. got the
shields
and the spell power. Let's just pretend
we wanted that one. [laughter]
You don't see how this is better than
being on five. He's rolling more
clunkers and more sentinels because he's
not polluting a shop with five drops
because he already has two duos. He
already has two boxers on five. He can
get brand drakari, but a large large
portion of the five drops is just a
waste of shop space. So he's farming as
many triples as possible until he just
has infinite money here. So we can sell
scraper. We can sell clunker and then
double
double duo on the beat boxers. All
right, he farmed up 50 gold. He's ready
to leave tier four now. If you find
Rkari now, it's actually a big big
payoff. Not going to magnetize first.
Back to back. Oh yeah, back toback is
weird because you want to copy more back
to backs, right? Interesting. He didn't
magnetize on it first, but I guess it
doesn't really matter.
The payoff here is that he could still
hit Bran, which is nice.
Yeah, back to back is [music] uh back to
back is like double effective in this
case because he can back to back um the
magnetic to make it bigger.
So, you're getting so much value. So now
he's actually going to go for Belinda.
So now he does level. Holy.
He's getting good shot buffs again here.
Man, he does want to cast the staff
after he triples though, right? He
doesn't want to cast the staff yet cuz
then he loses a lot of spell power.
Yeah, he sees it.
Oh, he's not doing Okay. You actually
gain so much more spell power if you
magnetize a stack and then cast the
spell. Maybe he just doesn't care. Maybe
he's like, I just want to be able to
move. I just want to go. Finds a triple
big. Yeah, you don't have to triple the
the sentinel. It's just the one that you
usually triple.
160 on the spells here. It's going so
crazy. Can get the triple if he wants
to, but he needs something to magnetize
to. So, it's probably not correct to
take it. Just take a clunker and freeze
and then end on back to back.
Okay. Kind of tough to get it all done.
So, gets another back to back.
Jesus. Yeah, this is going so hard. The
stack is now already 1,000. 1,000. This
is something that I do miss in my
beatboxer game where sneaking in those
shop buffs. So, you're actually getting
so many more stats.
This is actually very very cool to see
this in action.
Yeah, this is going to pop off. It's
already top three, which is such a shame
because he's got two more boxers now.
Golden boxer, regular boxer, but the
game is lagging. Yeah. How much money?
22. Oh, he got scammed. He got scammed.
The beat boxers are in his hand at the
start of the turn, so he doesn't get the
money. I was like, 22? What is that?
What is this robbery?
Oh my god, bro. I understand that that
is probably correct and I think it's
atrocious that that is the intended
interaction. I think any interaction
that really punishes the player for
playing the game. Cuz let's be honest,
that's what's happening here, right?
What are you going to do? Not triple
your beatboxers? Yeah, let me like not
triple my beatboxers, buddy. Right.
Okay. He's going to do Harbingers. He's
actually going hard on the back to back
now. Like you're always going to triple
your beatboxers there, right? Like you
have two duos. Of course you're going to
do that. Um, so I think any interaction
that punishes the player for making the
correct play is just awful. It shouldn't
work that way.
Hey Skywars, thank you very much for the
prime. Appreciate that. All right, we
got a triple here. Definitely still like
tripling. I don't think I care about
this duo anymore. It's It can go
buff buff buff. What's our spell power
at? 240. Is that good, Chad? [laughter]
Why is the shop so buffed? He cast shop
buffs. It sounds crazy, I know, but he
he did cast shop buffs. Oh, more
sentinels. He needs the money. No. Wait,
has his hero power procked? If his hero
power hasn't procked yet, he gets two of
these, right?
I think his hero power has proed, right?
Yeah, it's just magnetizing for more
spell power.
Bam.
It's a cool game until Zorg remember
plays for MMR goes into back to back.
No, back to back is the cool build here
because you are generating an obnoxious
amount of spell power.
I would say back to back is a natural
extension of this build cuz what else
are you going to do? you are going to
farm spell power and not use your spell
power, right? It's just like back to
[snorts] back is uh insane with this
much spell power.
It's just this really really really
high-end build where you are using the
beatboxers to gain so much SP. See, now
he has 160 gold. If he didn't get
scammed last turn, he would be so big
here cuz he put so many harbingers in
the shop. He would have had golden
harbinger for sure. He's just buy Yeah,
he's 100 gold. So just it just buy
stuff.
Now he can just This is like FU money,
right? You can just buy You can just
buy. You can just buy. It's like let me
just buy all the good
back to back before getting more spell
power to make the triple bigger to get
more stats on the beatboxer. I can't be
asked to do the math on that. Someone
else can do the math. Like how many how
many triples would he need? Basically,
does it ever pay off to go for the spell
power first here? Like I don't know. I
don't want to do that math. [laughter]
It looks good enough.
He's not buying every magnetic, but he
is buying the death rattle magnetic to
give him more anti-cam stuff. He's not
bothering with Drakari cuz it's probably
the last turn. He does have a duo on the
board though, so I don't know.
Just trying to triple
Ingenious Inventor. Yeah, see this is so
clean where I'm not even looking at
Ingenious Inventor here at this stage,
but Zorgo is like, well, I'm farming a
ton of automatons on my guys. If I play
Ingenious Inventor, those automatons
will have way more damage. If they have
more damage, it is less likely that I'm
going to get scanned by something. Yeah,
you see that he is happy to buy that.
He's looking for one more enchanted
sentinel. Okay, got it. Cuz now he can
triple triple
and then he's going to throw it on the
auto assembler. Sure. It's going to make
it a little bit more awkward. 600. What
the?
Sorry.
400. Wait, he's gaining 100 spell power
every time he triples.
Oh my god, bro. What is this?
He tripled twice.
250 spell power with two triples. What?
650
spell power,
dude. With Belinda backto back, you
gain. So why aren't there two more
people to kill here? Oh my god, the
numbers would be so insane, bro.