Greetings, traveler.
>> This game was personally submitted by
Sevil because he said he wasn't sure if
he was going to make a YouTube video
about it. We lock in the Terron. Terron
is nice because there are certain dark
gifts that give you like a death rattle
effect. So, it's quite nice to be able
to do that. We discovered a minion. I
guess Bone Head, right? I mean, you
could do vermin as well for forest
rover. Yes, amalgam is quite good right
now. I see that in a lot of the games of
the super high level people like I think
Zorgo beater they lean amalgam quite
quite heavily.
Hey random. What's up?
All right, up we go. It's funny. Terron
hits the rope really early in turn two
because the combat takes longer than
everyone else's combat
cuz you have a animation already. Are
you been spamming font? Yeah, Fauna is
very popular and just the the Menagerie,
but the Menagerie minion is kind of used
with Fauna as well. He's muting cuz the
guy is emoting the level. Yeah, but he's
curator so you're going to lose. It's
one of those sneaky emotes where you're
like, "Hey man, do you want to level
together, right? Let's do it." And it's
like, I have a minion.
He's going to do it anyway cuz I guess
the shop is not too compelling. You have
to go like coin plus scouts. But a look
at him. Look at him. This guy, he's
like, "Yeah, let's level together and
not take damage, but I have a minion."
All right. Uh, we got an automaton to
hero power if you want it. The end of it
two turns. Get a plane copy of this. You
could go double metallic hunter. Death
rattle gain two free refreshes. Wolf pup
is probably better cuz you can just hero
power that and farm a bunch of rolls.
But you can I can see pointy arrow guy
to farm that [music] triple and then you
farm so many tavern spells of that.
Actually if you get your hands on four
drop mech. What's it called again? It
goes really hard if you have golden
metallic hunter cuz with the hero power
it's going to get so much but yeah you
can't resist this glamoth. Yeah, glamot.
All right. [music] Yeah. I mean it's a
great death rattle. It's a great unit.
The other one just has more upside but
way more downside. Right. The downside
is, oh, you don't hit a glam bot and now
you're getting wrecked because you
didn't take the wolf pup, right? So,
nice. Oh, no. Not nice. [snorts]
Never mind. It's also Yeah, the rolls
are just so good. The rolls are going to
make it more likely that you hit, too.
Yeah, that's just a really good one. Do
you hero power that now over free rolls?
All right, just a simple turn. Yeah, the
crazy thing here is you don't really
want the wolf to survive, right? Because
then you're not getting your rerolls.
So, putting the pointy arrow on it does
make sense. But given it extra health
does feel bad cuz you're going to miss
on your rolls. You might even hold the
bananas altogether cuz the opponent went
to four. Yeah, it looks like it. 50/50
to get your rolls.
Nice.
We got him.
He does get the reborn, but it's okay.
We never lose. Strong Borto. Damn.
Didn't take damage. I mean, we're about
to get pretty [music] big. Uh, Medivh,
Compass, Wrench, Copper Co. Copper Coil
is S tier because it works with Glamot,
I guess. Yeah, this is where it's nice
to have those Hearthstone deck tracker
win rates cuz sometimes I see something
and I don't immediately make the
connection. But when you see something
that is usually not that good,
immediately jump out you as S tier.
You're like, wait, something happened.
Something changed here. Why is copper
coil so good now? It's like, oh, it's
because you could spam it with glam bot.
So, if you want that as well, exhibition
mark tracker in the chat. Check it out
for the uh the extra stats during your
game. Saving bananas again, I guess.
Trying really [music] trying to Oh my
lord, what is this tempo? Snake eyes,
please.
What in the world is this?
So yeah, probably saving bananas for the
glam bot. I was going to say we might
feel okay on tempo, but it's just
hopeless. Jesus.
We saw Jeie with his trinket an hour
ago. Thousands of stats. 20 second
animation.
It's Yeah, it does seem like it's
probably too good right now. At the end
of every two turns, get a plane copy of
this. You could buy the pair, but I
think you just roll it down for Glambot,
right? You got a lot of rolls.
The sea is rolling for Glambert. I
wonder if there's anything else he's
going to buy or if he's all in cuz it
does feel really bad if you're rolling
and you you miss. Right. This is the
gamba. Like just one more. I can stop
anytime, right? Okay, we're just going
to giga pump that and then double that.
Oh, I like that. I like that. I like
that.
So, no Glamot this turn.
He's like more bananas.
more.
The thing is you almost always roll
Glamoth now, right? So that was his
game. That was his uh backup plan,
right? His backup plan is I roll like a
quarter draw and a gigab buff it and
double it. No, if we're watching the
game, he didn't miss. Ah, but he did.
But he did. But I agree. Yeah. Usually
if you're watching a highlight, you're
like, well, I guess he's going to find
the thing. But this why these guys are
good, right? You could have easily
rolled it down and then not get
anything. But now he's given himself uh
what is that? 54 to tie, 8.6 to win. So
just very high chance that he doesn't
take damage or relatively high chance.
Whereas if he had rolled it down for
Glambot, right, he takes like 15 here or
whatever or 10 and then he ends up uh
not having enough time to to get the
combo online.
Yeah, he's he's definitely that's his
number one unit he's looking for, right?
But another quarterron and Buffett is
not bad. So, we definitely are happy
with that as well.
Yeah, he is. He's not even bothering to
level to five because he knows that
Glamoth is the win condition.
All right, he's going to take the money.
You can pump the divine shield in the
shop, but you don't really have the
gold. Yeah, I think he is all in on
hitting it now next turn cuz right now
the tempo gained from using the spells
is not good enough. He needs that glam
bot. I needs it like last turn. You
spent a decade watching my stream. I am
honored. Thank you very much. Hope it
was a good decade.
Changed so much too. 10 years ago my
stream. Wow.
Just jamming some arena. Don't mind me.
I guess 10 years ago, I might still have
been doing co-ops with whoever's
essentially joining my stream right now.
Yeah, we are always losing to that
defletobot. It's just a matter of can we
kill the Titus? We can. Yep.
All right. Well, he's on 18. He still
has the cap. I guess the gyro blade,
right? Improved by each tavern spell
you've cast this game. Candle is
actively bad. Well, it's good. Oh, I was
going to say it's good if he hits
utility drone, but he still needs
Glamoth. This is how you know it's
pre-wa. It's not pre-watched, right? I
was like, "Oh, it's actively bad." Boom.
Instantly takes is like, "Oh god, making
me look good again here. Sub." So, I
should have spent two more seconds
explaining and thinking u Oh, Belinda,
too. Yeah. Okay, never mind. I don't
know. Yeah, Belinda and utility drone
are huge.
Okay, never mind. Yeah, and he gets to
stay on tier four, but he does need
Glambbot, right? So, what I wanted to
say was the candle makes it less likely
that he hits Glambot,
but if he hits Glambot,
you do want Belinda and utility drone.
But we are having the problem right now
that we are not hitting it. Certain, you
can pump the Oh, you you're not even Oh,
I don't we just roll. I hate it. But I
don't think doubling. Yeah, I agree.
Doubling the magnetic isn't going to win
it for us. Uh, okay. Wow, he sells that
instead of the gear fin or the pup even.
Okay, okay, okay. Come on. Where are
you, you little shopping cart, Glamot?
There it is. Let's go. Spam it. Spam.
[laughter]
Let's go,
dude. Look at it go. Oh, look at it go.
Jesus.
All right, so that was very, very, very
close. That was three turns of rolling
for it with two turtles in the final
turn. And then on the buzzer, there's a
glam bot. So, if he cannot take damage
here, this is incredibly good. Now, it
is only 1.5%. So, looks like it's
basically guaranteed. Yeah, it looks a
little close, but that's cuz the two big
guys don't actually have damage. That's
why it just looks [music] close. It
isn't close. The opponent had two big
minions cuz of the hero power, but not
enough damage. So, we are going to have
that damage cap to work with. And now,
yeah, utility drone. There it is. And uh
I guess golden ball in the fandrol.
What's fandrol for? Oh, the for drop.
You can discover a forrop. I guess
Clamut seems like one of the best
stabilizers right now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
It's It's very fast, especially with
this trinket. It's It's ridiculous cuz
what you saw now is the worst it's ever
going to be. Copper coil gets just
progressively better and better and
better. Look, that was one magnetic.
Unbelievable.
Look at this. Oh, gems work with Glamot,
right? Oh, what a good minion to get.
Jesus. Chef is free. Yep. Why not?
There's another glam. We're going. I
kind of like getting rid of gear fin.
Think gear fin can go cuz it's one cost
spells but you don't know if it's
targeted, right?
Oh, he's not trying to triple that. I
guess he doesn't care. Sure.
Pop.
Oh, I guess he can keep Gearin for this
round. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, taunt
the big guy. I like that.
Oh no, you have to play utility drone,
don't you? Okay, so it keeps keeps the
gear fin
drone coming down and then just cast a
bunch of spells.
Could taunt Belinda, but it is a waste
of a spell for Glamoth. I don't think I
care.
Yeah, I think all the spells are going
on mix though. We want a level to six
for eyes. I think we stabilized enough.
No, I mean he has uh he has candle,
right? He can roll eyes with candle.
I like I like what he's doing here. Like
he could maybe consider leveling now,
but the past two turns was definitely
not leveling turns.
Like he he only had one glam bot and
only after rolling a bunch. He didn't
know. Yeah, that's how he got Fandrol on
on tier four.
Did I watch Gamescom?
No.
it keeping gear pin instead of the arrow
bot. Yeah, like he got to spend. Yeah,
look, he rolled eyes. Let's go, baby.
Old Mcourney, thank you for that. Dude,
he spent all his money. Uh, well, not
all of his money, but almost all of his
money without um
Oh, eyes with Belinda would work, right?
Wouldn't you trigger more with Glam Malt
or does it not do anything?
H, whatever. Anyways, it doesn't matter.
Crap. But I mean it is now I guess Leroy
scrap's only worth if you play [music]
it right. Oh, Kanger. Oh, I guess Kanger
does give you more repair job. Yeah,
that's true. Doesn't work with Billinda.
So, you wouldn't get the additional
glamoth triggers with eyes. Okay,
look at us go.
Ha.
Yeah. The thing is he has uh he has
golden ballinda, right?
Go so hard. All right.
And then we're ending on Kangor.
Oh, very smart. Very smart. Because he
has Teron hero power. Assuming that the
uh repair bot does die, he gets two
repair bots back instead of just the
one. I was thinking the Kanger isn't
that much better, right? But it is
because of the tear on hero power. The
Kanger is actually quite superior.
5k. Yeah, it's turn 11. Just getting
ready to pump some more.
And he gets two more. So that's four
repair drops for two units. Could get um
reborn [music] on the repair bot. Maybe
they fix eyes with locket. Yeah, I'm
sure. I think they did. Yeah, I remember
reading that in the patch notes.
Beatboxer would have been so illegal. It
would have been. Yeah, although Candle
giving him that golden Belinda and eyes
and utility drone is quite amazing. He's
not buying the extra minion.
Fendle seems great. So disappointed.
Ooze or do we not care?
Why does not care about ooze? So what
are we rolling for? I guess more glamot.
[laughter]
Uh
man,
let's see what's in the fand roll. Well,
it's two gems. I guess you don't really
need a fire drop to make this comp work.
No, I mean glamot is all about just
spell casting. Usually utility drone
already makes this crazy, but what's
making it truly crazy here is the copper
coil. The copper coil is giving the
magnetics extra value.
Um foody [music] is great. Oh, he's just
gonna sit
farm one more turn. Yeah. Okay.
We had a copper.
That's one spell. It goes from 250,
right? It started at 250
and it's just getting better. It's the
copper coil, Chad. The copper coil is
doing some crazy here. The golden
Belinda with the copper coil is just not
okay. Okay, he's holding the rest in his
hand because he probably wants to sell
Kanger next turn, cycle a bunch of
cards, and then play the Glambots to get
even more value.
Hello there, Lobster Man. Remember me?
You're the guy that you dealt 10 damage
to early. Time for revenge. That's so
broken. Yeah, but again the uh the deck
tracker if the deck tracker showing that
it was S tier, it's suddenly every time
you see like an S tier, you should be
like, "Wait, what? What's going on here?
Why is that so good?" And now we can see
why, right? It's the uh it's the glam
utility drone. Yeah, utility drone is
normally pretty crazy already, but the
copper coil is stealing the show, but
drone plus glam bots plus Belinda is
very good. Yeah.
Ooh,
space. I like it. A mole for more glam.
Maybe
I have to cut that Kanger anyway, right?
I mean, he could technically hold that
Kanger on the board for one more turn
and just [music] be a complete gigachad
and keep his 5,000 stat element um mech
[music] in the hand, right? And the
Belinda keeps re-rolling it. That's
funny. We do have that foodie, which we
didn't cycle, but I guess yeah, you can
chill here, honestly.
You can um Oh, freeze. That's such a
good spell. Oh, he's going to sell.
Okay, so I think that against the ghost
with this many spells that he can still
play, you could have potentially held a
drone in your hand to farm two more
repair jobs and to just spam here. But
the fact that he rolled the spell, like
he doesn't really want to freeze another
turn. You could cycle um you could cycle
Clunker Junker here and then get the
spell, right? Yeah, I like that.
Oh, we're fighting against the
animations though. Jesus, he did hover
it for a second there. Was it like 200
or something?
Got the reborn. That's huge.
Yeah, he's doing the things that matter
first. is like, yeah, you cannot cast
that weapon forge anymore. It's going to
it's going to be too slow. We're
spreading out the stats slightly, which
is usually not that good. Yeah, the
weapons forge will never resolve, by the
way. Like, you're going to just have
arrows in your hands. You're never going
to play them. There's way too many
copper coil animations that still need
to happen here. Just look at this. I
speak out of experience here. I've done
this where maybe not with copper coil,
but with other things where I opened the
arrows. If you want those arrows to be
played, like a small tip, you have to
first open the arrow spell, then cast
everything because you can drag the
arrow while the animations are going on,
but you have to wait for the animations
to stop to then have the arrow opening
animation happening to then be able to
play them, right? So,
okay, it died. It died. That's good.
That's good. Um, I was afraid that it
wasn't going to die because of the buff.
All right. Anyways, what was I saying?
Uh, I was saying something right.
Usually, you don't want to spread out
the stats too much cuz you just want to
add scam and just be huge. But he's
getting so many buffs and he's still on
tier four. You can't really add scam too
well here. So,
sure. [music] Doesn't matter.
Dude, this is some unreal stats. And
he's still on tier four. He never just
cared. That's so cool. He's like, I'm
fine. I'm chilling. Tier four is kind of
so tier four with candle, man. Remember
when I said like eh the candle's kind of
whatever,
but uh that was definitely not true.
Candle's very good.
Nature's blessing is a spell.
Leveling for damage and for utility
drone, I guess. Yeah, that's a mech to
end on. Could have panled first, I
suppose. All right, time to let it rip.
Yeah, we're just not even playing this
pand, I guess.
Let's see how long this takes, dude. Oh.
Oh my good, dude. He's going all on the
same guy now. Yeah, he's like the rest
is big enough. I want the gigal lad.
Copper coil at 370 climbing. [music]
Yep. My god.
Tink tink tink tink tink. [snorts] I
hope this guy doesn't get one shot. I
want one more turn of this foodie. Yeah,
one more turn. One more turn. Candle
isn't needed. Only coil. I mean, candle
gave him Belinda and utility drone,
right? Belinda. Belinda is making the
copper coil much better.
So, Candle definitely did a good job.
When you play copper coil, you stop to
mute your sound. [laughter] I don't
know. I'm a sound enjoyer.
How much smaller would it be without
coil? Well, so it's at 3 350, right? So
when he plays a spell,
he gets four satellites and then Belinda
times three again. So 12 satellites.
So, he gets 3,600
extra
right now when he casts a spell.
So, that's not the Glambot stats. That's
not utility stats. Every time he casts a
spell, he gets 3,600 roughly
as extra stuff.
Pretty unreal.
I think the the slime is better than
clunker junker. That's insane, right?
Well, I guess he doesn't need stats. The
opponent is doing the same build, but we
just do it way better. Another glam bot.
Let's go.
That's funny.
All right, play one spell on that
Glambbots, please. I want to uh give him
something. Yeah. Yeah. There we go. Oh,
two spells. Three spells. Oh, dude. The
four four. Four spells. Okay. Okay.
Watch the 44 chat. The 44 The 44 is in
the queue right now. He's waiting for
his buffs. He's patiently in the queue.
He's like, "Ah, it's my turn now."
[laughter]
That was a 44, Chad. That was a 44.
15k 16ks.
>> IT'S OVER 9,000.
>> WHAT? [screaming]
>> 9,000. 21K,
four spells. So, oh, he's not even done.
I'm so behind on animations, bro. 29k,
29,000.
So, you have to imagine four spells.
That's like a foodie.
Like, you cycle one foodie, right? You
roll one foodie, you're like, "Oh, look,
four harmless blood gems. Let me just
play them on my unit. Oh, what do you
what do you know? 29,000 stats. They're
pretty good, these blood gems.
Now, again, right, that is at the end of
the scaling, right? The scaling just
keeps getting better. But yeah, copper
coil is S tier. There you have it, chat.
Don't skip your copper coils. Take
copper coils. Sit on tier four. Farm
Glam Bots. Don't hit Glam Bots. Go
eighth. Complain about bad luck and then
try it again.
Oh my lord. GG.